---
title: Humans
subTitle: A little something I wrote 3 years ago
summary: Bit of a throwback moment, but it's a piece I've wanted to get off my phone for a while.
image: /images/posts/freefalling.jpg
forceHeight: false
titleColor: white
layout: post
---
Take a pace back. Look down, and back up again. Did you see it? It's a human! It's you! You are absolutely, unequivocally, without a shadow of a doubt, the most stunning person in the room! You are beautiful.    
So stop creating havoc and hating on anyone with an ounce of what you perceive to be success because someone broke your heart, or your parents got divorced, or those children down the street pointed at you and called you fat, or the bus driver wouldn't let you on, or because you had a bad day. Don't allow the demons to destroy the opportunities that arrive with each sparkle of sunshine.    
You can be anything. So, you can be everything. But be strong for others, and hope that they will surely emulate you when you most need them.    
Cry. Don't be afraid to let out your emotions. Speak up! Let the entire globe know how you feel, and don't stop until every single person has heard you. Everyone wants to do it, but the fear is something they can't fight back. Instead, feel it, embrace it, conquer it.    
Dive into love, and wash back onto the shores of the Earth when you realise that it wasn't what you were hoping for. But don't lose faith. Rinse & repeat until you find something, someone, worth drowning for.    
Release the past and embrace the present. Take the steps needed to create your ideal future. Live for the moment but choose your actions wisely. Forget the things that were never worth remembering, and do what you must to create moments you will always remember.    
Follow your dreams. Listen to your mind and go with your heart. Smile. Be Polite. Create. Think. Imagine. Aspire. Inspire. Stop being such a goddamn asshole and be thankful for everything that you have. It can all go in the blink of an eye.    
But for now, think to yourself "Have I done everything I've wanted to?" If the answer is no, jump out of your comfort zone, and do it.

**Wth did I just read?**    
This is was that I wrote three years ago to the day, July 8th 2011. It was a transitional period in my life, similar to the stage that I find myself in now. I was in a pretty dark place when I wrote that (you should see some of the other stuff, cringe, emo >.<) but thankfully I'm not feeling that way now. I know what I want, and god-willing I will get there.